Where the mind is without fear        and the head is held high;  Where
knowledge is free;   Where the world has not been   broken up into fragments
by   narrow domestic walls;   Where words come out from   the depth of truth;
Where tireless striving stretches  its arms towards perfection;   Where the
clear stream of reason   has not lost its way into the dreary  desert sand of
dead habit;  Where the mind is lead forward by thee   into ever-widening
thought and action-    Into that heaven of freedom, my Father,     let my
country awake.

Is there ought you need that my hands withhold,  Rich gifts of raiment or
grain or gold?  Lo ! I have flung to the East and the West  Priceless
treasures torn from my breast,   And yielded the sons of my stricken womb  To
the drum-beats of the duty, the sabers of doom.  Gathered like pearls in their
alien graves   Silent they sleep by the Persian waves,  Scattered like shells
on Egyptian sands,  They lie with pale brows and brave, broken hands,    they
are strewn like blossoms mown down by chance   On the blood-brown meadows of
Flanders and France.  Can ye measure the grief of the tears I weep   Or
compass the woe of the watch I keep?   Or the pride that thrills thro' my
heart's despair    And the hope that comforts the anguish of prayer?    And
the far sad glorious vision I see      Of the torn red banners of victory?
when the terror and the tumult of hate shall cease    And life be refashioned
on anvils of peace,   And your love shall offer memorial thanks    To the
comrades who fought on the dauntless ranks,   And you honour the deeds of the
dauntless ones,  Remember the blood of my martyred sons!

Better than Heaven or Arcadia  I love thee, O my India!    And thy love I
shall give   To every brother nation that lives.   God made the Earth; Man
made confining countries    And their fancy-frozen boundaries.    But with
unfound boundless love    I behold the borderland of my India   Expanding into
the World.       Hail, mother of religions, lotus, scenic beauty,and sages!
Thy wide doors are open,            Welcoming God's true sons through all
ages.      Where Ganges, woods, Himalayan caves, and   men dream God - I am
hallowed; my body touched that sod.


Mother, I bow to thee! Rich with thy hurrying streams, Bright with thy orchard
gleams, Cool with thy winds of delight, Dark fields waving, Mother of might,
Mother free

Not where the musk of happiness blows, Not where darkness and fears never
tread; Not in the homes of perpetual smiles, Nor in the heaven of a land of
prosperity Would I be born If I must put on mortal garb once more

Long years ago, we made a tryst with destiny and now the time comes when we
shall redeem our pledge... At the stroke of the midnight hour, when the world
sleeps, India will awake to life and freedom.

We end today a period of ill fortune and India discovers herself again. The
achievement we celebrate today is but a step, an opening of opportunity, to
the greater triumphs and achievements that await us. Are we brave enough and
wise enough to grasp this opportunity and accept the challenge of the future?

At the dawn of history India started on her unending quest, and trackless
centuries are filled with her striving and the grandeur of her success and her
failures. Through good and ill fortune alike she has never lost sight of that
quest or forgotten the ideals which gave her strength.

How can one be compelled to accept slavery? I simply refuse to do the master's
bidding. He may torture me, break my bones to atoms and even kill me. He will
then have my dead body, not my obedience. Ultimately, therefore, it is I who
am the victor and not he, for he has failed in getting me to do what he wanted
done.

Not where the musk of happiness blows, Not where darkness and fears never
tread; Not in the homes of perpetual smiles, Nor in the heaven of a land of
prosperity Would I be born If I must put on mortal garb once more

Is there ought you need that my hands withhold, Rich gifts of raiment or grain
or gold? Lo ! I have flung to the East and the West Priceless treasures torn
from my breast, And yielded the sons of my stricken womb To the drum-beats of
the duty, the sabers of doom

The Gift of India Happy Independence Day !!!

Ours is a land of sages,       Known for bravery for ages.       None can with
it compete,       Its culture none can beat.       Whatever caste or religion,
All live here in unison.       With rivers, sweet fountains,       its a land
of high mountains.       Its green forests are pretty,       And are source of
prosperity.       Lets for it work hard,       For its safety, be on guard.

On this Independence Day we remember the years past. We honor this very day
for our flag, old glory, has last. On this Independence Day two centuries ago,
we declared our independence for justice and liberty. Let us celebrate with
joy and honesty Happy Independence Day!!!

Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high; Where knowledge is
free; Where the world has not been broken up into fragments by narrow domestic
walls; Where words come out from the depth of truth; Where tireless striving
stretches its arms towards perfection; Where the clear stream of reason has
not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit; Where the mind is
lead forward by thee into ever-widening thought and action- Into that heaven
of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

My sleep got disturbed, thrice that day; I could not sleep tho a holiday; My
mind was filled with thoughts unclear; I got up in the morn, much earlier;
Twas Indias Independence Day!Thunder, lightning filled the nights Sky; The day
much overcast did fly; The Rain was just a drizzle that day; Wetted the ground
of mud and clay; Twas 15th of August, a rainy day.The pea-birds howled and
groaned that night; The Rain made them shiver with fright; Though ten, it
looked like six in the morn; The Sun behind the clouds had gone; The Sky
ground-glass remained that day.The leaky tap-waters that fell, Raised
wavelets, ploppy-toned and swell; Rain-drops on cables looked like pearls;
Dropped, formed again, enticing souls; It looked it would rain long that day
.Rain-drops hanging beneath fir-twigs; Glittered in the scarce light like
figs; The whole tree was aglow, alit; A thing of beauty, dont miss it! The Sky
looked like a barred-white board!A frail, brown-skinned, bony human, With sack
on head, bent-back, he ran! The Indian was agonizing! Tho people keep
sermonizing! Fifty years after Independence! What good was done for the
common-man?

Rich with thy hurrying streams, Bright with thy orchard gleams, Cool with thy
winds of delight, Dark fields waving, Mother of might, Mother free.

As I look around I see the crumbling ruins of a proud  civilization strewn
like a vast heap of futility. And yet I shall not commit the grievous sin of
losing faith in Man. I would rather look forward to the opening of a new
chapter in his history after the cataclysm is over and the atmosphere rendered
clean with the spirit of service and sacrifice. Perhaps that dawn will come
from this horizon, from the East where the sun rises. A day will come when
unvanquished Man will retrace his path of conquest, despite all barriers, to
win back his lost human heritage. Do I wish that the Christian would become
Hindu? God forbid. Do I wish that the Hindu or Buddhist would become
Christian? God forbid. The seed is put in the ground, and earth and air and
water are placed around it. Does the seed become the earth, or the air, or the
water? No. It becomes a plant, it develops after the law of its own growth,
assimilates the air, the earth, and the water, converts them into plant
substance, and grows into a plant. Similar is the case with religion. The
Christian is not to become a Hindu or a Buddhist, nor a Hindu or a Buddhist to
become a Christian. But each must assimilate the spirit of the others and yet
preserve his individuality and grow according to his own law of growth.

Long years ago we made a tryst with destiny, and now the time comes when we
shall redeem our pledge, not wholly or in full measure, but very
substantially. At the stroke of the midnight hour, when the world sleeps,
India will awake to life and freedom. A moment comes, which comes but rarely
in history, when we step out from the old to the new, when an age ends, and
when the soul of a nation, long suppressed, finds utterance. It is fitting
that at this solemn moment we take the pledge of dedication to the service of
India and her people and to the still larger cause of humanity.

Freedom is my birthright. So long as it is awake within me, i am not old. No
weapon can cut this spirit, no fire can burn it, no water can wet it, no wind
can dry it.

Here is a mantra, a short one, that I give you. You may imprint it on your
hearts and let every breath of yours give expression to it. The mantra is :
‘Do or Die’. We shall either free India or die in the attempt; we shall not
live to see the perpetuation of our slavery. Every true Congressman or woman
will join the struggle with an inflexible determination not to remain alive to
see the country in bondage and slavery. Let that be your pledge.Give me blood
and I will give you freedom, These words became the anthem for the youth
during India’s struggle for independence.

We should have but one desire today- the desire to die so that India may live-
the desire to face a martyr’s death, so that the path to freedom may be paved
with the martyr’s blood. Friends! my comrades in the War of Liberation! Today
I demand of you one thing, above all. I demand of you blood. It is blood alone
that can avenge the blood that the enemy has spilt. It is blood alone that can
pay the price of freedom. Give me blood and I promise you freedom.

Why is that we have never heard voices in connection with the freedom of
people under the suppression and tyranny of Pakistani authorities on the other
side of the cease-fire line? Why is it that we have not heard here that in ten
years these people have not seen a ballot paper? With what voice can either
the Security Council or anyone coming before it demand a plebiscite for a
people on our side who exercise franchise, who have freedom of speech, who
function under a hundred local bodies?

There is enough in this world for everyone’s need, but not enough for
everyone’s greed. Let us work towards a society where we would do unto others
what we would have others do unto us. Let us all be responsible citizens who
make our country a great place to live.

American people have shown that democracy and individual liberty provide the
conditions in which knowledge progresses, science discovers, innovation
occurs, enterprise thrives and ultimately people advance. More than a million
and half from my country, America is now home. In turn their industry,
enterprise and skills are contributive to the advancement of the American
society. I see the outstanding success of Indian community in America and
potential in Indo-US relations of what we can achieve together.

Two years back, at the age of eighty-two, Mother had a paralytic stroke and
was lying in a government hospital in Bhubaneswar. I flew down from the US
where I was serving my second stint, to see her. I spent two weeks with her in
the hospital as she remained in a paralytic state. She was neither getting
better nor moving on. Eventually I had to return to work. While leaving her
behind, I kissed her face. In that paralytic state and a garbled voice, she
said, “Why are you kissing me, go kiss the world.”Success to me is about
Vision. It is the ability to rise above the immediacy of pain. It is about
imagination. It is about sensitivity to small people. It is about building
inclusion. It is about connectedness to a larger world existence. It is about
personal tenacity. It is about giving back more to life than you take out of
it. It is about creating extra-ordinary success with ordinary lives.

When I was born 50s and 60s didn’t belong to girls in India, they belonged to
boys who would join business and inherit business from parents and girls would
be dolled up to get married. My family was unique, we were four of us, all
girls and fortunately no boys. My father defied his own grandfather almost to
the point of inheritance because he decided to educate all four of us. He sent
us to one of the best schools in the city and gave us the best education.

I know I have met so many guys who have fasted for me, prayed for me, done so
much for me. Without that life wouldn’t have been like this for me. I want to
thank you from the bottom of my heart, and also say that time has flown by
rather quickly, but the memories you have left with me will always be with me
forever and ever.

I have a dream that our new generation of political leaders would look beyond
their party lines and do what very few leaders in India have done- their duty.
I have a dream that one day the next time when women are thrashed anywhere in
a pub India, the entire country’s women will march.

Why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to
recognize our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We
have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
We are the first in milk production.We are number one in Remote sensing
satellites. We are the second largest producer of wheat. We are the second
largest producer of rice. Look at Dr. Sudarshan; he has transferred the tribal
village into a self-sustaining, self-driving unit. There are millions of such
achievements but our media is only obsessed in the bad news and failures and
disasters.YOU say that our government is inefficient. YOU say that our laws
are too old. YOU say, say and say. What do YOU do about it? “ASK WHAT WE CAN
DO FOR INDIA AND DO WHAT HAS TO BE DONE TO MAKE INDIA WHAT AMERICA AND OTHER
WESTERN COUNTRIES ARE TODAY.”Wow! We sure are inspired. We hope these leaders
and changemakers have given you a huge dose of motivation to go andmake the
difference you want to see in this nation!

Today is the day when we had received our Independence from the British and
our nation became the Independent country in 1947. Like every year, we have
gathered here to celebrate the Independence Day and pay tribute to all those
great people who have sacrificed and are still sacrificing their lives for
guarding and securing the Independence.The feeling and sensitivity of
Patriotism is vital for the Freedom of any Country. A patriotic person is one
who is always prepared to sacrifice his/her life for the need and love of
his/her country.Patriotism is one of the best qualities one can have. It is a
pious feeling of the mind. Thankfully, we live in the Independent country
unlike our great freedom fighters, who had to win it after a lot of struggle
and sacrifice. Now, we really don’t have to struggle every day to survive as
much as they did.So, remembering all those great people who have fought for
our Independence, we are filled with feelings patriotism. Great people like
Mahatma Gandhi, Shahid Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev, Subhash Chandra
Bose, Lala Lajpat Rai, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel and many more saints
struggled hard till their last breath, only for the reason that they wanted to
see their countrymen live a life in harmony. It is only because of their noble
cause that the world still remembers them. Patriotism can be fulfilled through
various other means. Not necessarily, everyone needs to be a freedom fighter
or should be serving the Army, Navy or the Air Force. You can exhibit your
love towards the nation by being a part of Clean India popularly known as
‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’ or you can help poor, old or needy people, save
water, save environment, etc. You may join non-government-organisations (NGOs)
and help the needy people. In winters by distributing blankets or in summers
by distributing water, you may display your love towards the mankind and thus
show your true heroism and patriotism. Patriotism does not only mean to
struggle for the freedom of one’s country, it also includes the honest feeling
and true love for the country and countrymen which can be displayed through
passionate work for the country’s development.Love your country and show it in
your actions.

We are here to remember our country’s great freedom fighters like Mohandas
Karamchand Gandhi, Shaheed Bhagat Singh, Chandrasekhar Azad, Bal Gangadhar
Tilak,  Subhash Chandra Bose, Jawaharlal Nehru, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, and many
others. Their contribution towards attainment of the independence was immense
and cannot be simply summed up in words. However, one thing that requires
special mention and which we all should imbibe from them is their great
patriotic fervour. When on the mere thought of bondage or slavery of British
Raj and independence struggle, a shudder comes running through our whole body,
imagine they all have literally lived it and fought against it. The trauma and
trouble that Britishers inflicted on them is difficult to explicate.There is
one thing in common in all of them that kept them united till their last
breath during the freedom struggle was patriotism and sheer love for their
motherland. They firmly believed in the chant called “Mera Bharat Mahan”. So
now, if I were to ask you what Patriotism is, then how many of you are willing
to answer? May be all! Apparently, it may sound like an easy question for you,
but trust me it has various ramifications.Remember that it’s good to love your
country and its people, but that doesn’t give you the right to detest any
particular thought or ideology. So it’s important to not let your patriotic
zeal transgress that thin line which can border you towards fanaticism or
extremism. Remember that the very foundation of our country is founded on the
principles of tolerance and compassion.Patriotism has no room for hatred or
ill-feeling. When it’s patriotism that inspired our freedom fighters to
sacrifice their lives for the love of their country and its people, then we
can at least spread the message of love and peace everywhere across the globe.
Yet another way to show love for our country is by working towards its growth
and development and taking effective measures to eradicate poverty,
illiteracy, child labour, violence against women and other social evils from
our society and making our country a better place to live in.Needless to say,
patriotism is one of the finest qualities found in men and it’s an
exhilarating feeling. And a person will be patriotic in true sense of the term
when he/she will own the responsibility of his/her country and relentlessly
work towards its holistic growth. So, think beyond yourself and your family.
Cultivate national interest and spread the message of international
brotherhood everywhere.

A patriot is a person who intends to love and serve the country as a loyal
citizen. A true patriot loves the country and is ready to sacrifice anything
for his or her own country. The person whole­heartedly works for the welfare
of the motherland. A set of these people tend to inherit the feeling of
patriotism. Patriots are the ones who have smiles on their face while going on
wars, they don’t doubt giving their lives for their motherland .We, the
citizens of India have been lucky to feel the proud heritage of the noblest
patriots, who sacrificed all their belongings and even gave up their lives,
for the cause of their motherland.Patriots go beyond limits of their character
and morals to work for the betterment of their country.  A few major patriots
that have made great sacrifices for India are Mahatma Gandhi, Bhagat Singh,
Shivaji, Rana Pratap, Rani Lakshmi Bai,  Sardar Patel, Subhash Chandra Bose,
Lala Lajpat Rai, Maulana Azad,  and many more. These people have given their
lives for the country and have always kept their country ahead themselves.
These patriots are remembered with intense feelings and will always serve as
examples for the generations to come.It majorly means we should have true love
and feelings for the country and be passionate to work for its progress. For a
patriot, motherland means much more than heaven. It is only due to the
sacrifice, dedication and contribution of patriots that the nation develops
and prospers. Patriotism is regarded as the stepping stone of nation building.
A patriot is never selfish or self centred, instead is sane and
sensible.Patriotism means we should have immense love and affection for our
own country but it does not mean that we have any hatred for any other
country. People should be capable of supporting their nation but not have ill
feelings for other countries. One should not look down upon other countries.
Every country has many patriots who sacrifice their self and put their country
above everything. All great nations which built their name in history are
proud to witness the services of their patriots.I on behalf of everyone would
like to motivate you all to safeguard, develop and preserve the freedom of the
country. People should work for their nation. Every nation needs a bunch of
people who above and beyond their self interest work on building up their
country. People should be concerned about their country’s progress and
prosperity. A true patriot always gets due respect, love and affection from
other citizens of the country as well.

It is a very important feeling for the country’s freedom. Patriotism is the
dedication and presence of values towards one’s country specifically in
concern of its defence. Patriotism does not mean the instant feeling that you
get when there is some debate going on India vs Pakistan. It is the vibe that
is inherited in you to make your nation the best in the world. Many people
from the earlier generations comment that in the existing youth and coming
generations the feeling of patriotism is on the decline.I being a part of
today’s youth would just like to tell you all that feeling of patriotism is
right there within us, only the way of portraying it is different. We don’t
believe in following the conventional modes of expressing patriotism but
instead having dedicated ourselves towards the responsibilities of making our
country the best that we can and in every possible way. The scope of
patriotism includes building great technological infrastructure that enables
our country to march ahead on the path of progress.Dedication for the
country’s upliftment amongst the others is the key agenda behind being a
patriotic person. Since childhood we have been taught about the great stories
on instances faced by many patriots of our country, this has been done for
building in the importance and spirit of patriotism within each one of us.
Every country needs patriots who emphasize to put in their efforts and
dedicate themselves completely for the nation’s growth above and beyond their
own self. We are obliged of those incredible people who have fought hard and
helped the country achieve and protect its freedom.Patriotism is an inherited
spontaneous feeling. It is the spark that lightens up the country’s spirit. A
patriotic person always gets respect from other countrymen and never ending
love, support and affection. This is not only because of their sacrifices but
also for the love, care, dedication and affection they shower on the nation.I
would like to motivate you all to please never let the spirit of patriotism
diminish, it is one of the most crucial elements for a nation’s development
and prosperity.

Stories that show the path, that inspire young hearts, that light the flame of
hope, and all-in-all, that leave the audiences hypnotized. And, following is a
list of some of the greatest Indians that have left our elders mesmerized with
their powerful words. And, believe me, once you also get to read what these
great people have said, you would totally understand the strong love your
parents harbour for great speeches.So here goes,Rabindranath Tagore very well
knew that the best road to people’s heart is the one that is scribbled upon,
and his speech ‘Civilisation’s crisis’ is definitely one of the best ones to
have struck the right chords. Moreover, the fact that it became his last
speech before his death further made it one of the most treasured speeches in
the Indian history. Some of the haunting lines from ‘Civilisation’s crisis’
are: We love to see kids donned in khaki clothes, yelling out delightedly,
“freedom is our birthright.” It makes us feel very much connected to our
country and introduces us to that powerful little patriot residing in our
hearts. But doesn’t it almost makes sense to wind the clocks back in time and
pay respect to the man who delivered this line with as much conviction as a
magician would sing spells. Well, the man behind these words was Bal Gangadhar
Tilak. When Bal Gangadhar Tilak came out after serving his term in prison, he
gave a speech to reinvigorate the feeling of nationalism in brethren. And the
speech did quite a magic, a magic that still revives in us the patriotic
feeling every time we quote, Each and every time Mahatma used to come before
the masses, the entire nation would get awestruck by his charming confidence.
The confidence that was so infectious, that it not only changed the face of
India but inspired many others across the seas to win their own battles. Here
is a short excerpt from the Quit India speech, the speech which is considered
one of the most important one in the history of India.No patriotic speech can
ever feel complete unless it concludes with “Give me blood, and I shall give
you freedom!” It is this anthem that instilled the much-needed aggression in
the youth, the aggression to save the prestige of the country during the
independence movement. These haunting words were spoken as a part of a
motivational speech that Netaji delivered at the Indian National Army rally in
Burma, on July 4, 1944. Some of the other best lines from his speech were: It
takes an ordinary man with wise beliefs to achieve an extraordinary feat. And
the ordinary man who has contributed in extraordinary amounts to our country
is Mr. Narayana Murthy. The speech that the tycoon delivered at the Lal
Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management is renowned as one of his most
influential speeches of all time. In his speech, he talked about the role of
Western beliefs and values in present-day Indian society. Some of the lines
from his speech that the youth of today must be aware of are: My mother tells
me tales of her days from the youth, when people in large numbers used to
gather around TV sets to hear Atal Bihari Vajpayee speak. And, believe me, the
first time I felt interested in watching Lok Sabha debates on TV was when I
spotted this man giving his speech. I had no idea of what the whole issue was
about. All I knew was that he was teaching the opposite side a lesson through
the wittiest and most attention-grabbing kind of word play! The pauses he took
to get the words out used to keep me at the edge of my seat, simply because
waiting to hear his aura travel out from his mouth, was too hard a thing to
do.Here are some of the best lines from the man himself in Lok Sabha, that he
spoke in reference to the nuclear tests at Pokhran. “Go Kiss The World” is my
personal favourite. Subroto Bagchi delivered this speech before the class of
IIM-B in the year 2006. The speeach revolved around the idea of defining
success. I will just save some space from my own lines and make more of it for
Mr. Subroto Bagchi’s words because they totally deserve to reach out to the
entire youth clan around the world. Every time I write or hear the word
‘vision,’ my mind wanders off to “My Vision For India,” and Dr. Kalam. Well,
such hypnotizing is the aura of this speech. Dr. Kalam is said to have
delivered the speech at IIT-Hyderabad, and as the title suggests, the speech
outlines the many visions for India that Dr. Kalam wishes that the citizens
would join their hands and efforts together to fulfil.

Patriotism lends a great dimension to a man’s personality and it exalts him to
rare heights of nobility. A patriot is not a person confined within the narrow
limits of his family and his intimate circle of friends.Patriotism enlightens
us about our paramount duties to our nation, our motherland, as dear and
sacred as our own mother. India has a proud heritage of the noblest patriots,
who sacrificed all their belongings and even gave up their lives, for the
cause of their motherland. The freedom struggle of India which was a golden
chapter in the history of the country saw the whole nation revolting against
the insolent British, who brutally suppressed the patriotic spirit of the
Indians, who were chased like dogs and lath charged when they raised their
voices of protest. Our political struggle headed by the unique leader of
leaders, Mahatma Gandhi, an embodiment of compassion and tolerance, was a saga
of victory for the Indians, who shed blood for a great cause, and the trail of
their blood left indelible marks on the sands of time of their sacrificial
spirit, which cannot be adequately described in words.This is an age when
patriotism is at its lowest, when people’s narrow-mindedness, sectarianism and
religious intolerance have raised their ugly heads. Man has fallen prey to the
vicious influences so pervasive in society which is witness to the worst acts
of desperados? It is said that Gandhi and his circle of friends were exemplary
patriots. Nelson Mandela, the great South African leader, who tirelessly
fought for his African brethren, opposing the racist whites, is next only to
Gandhi. In fact, Gandhi was the inspiration to Nelson Mandela, who suffered
imprisonment for many years. When he was frail and even when his moral
strength was eroded by the oppressive tactics of the whites he protested. His
patience ultimately rewarded him with victory.Image Source: i.ytimg.com:The
South African Government consisting of the most autocratic whites, who were
highly prejudiced against the colored Africans, at last realized that it was
no longer possible to keep the poor, meek Africans under their thumbs. Nelson
Mandela was acknowledged as a doughty champion of the lowliest and the last.
He was made President of South Africa.Mr. Abdul Kalian, the President of
India, is one of the greatest patriots. He is called the ‘Missiles Man’ as he
was instrumental in launching many missiles into space. As a scientist and
patriot, he stands supreme, and when he makes speeches he speaks of developing
India as a great nation. A film on Abdul Kalama titled “From Rameswaram to the
Rashtrapati Haven” has been produced.Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru and
Abraham Lincoln, who abolished slavery in the US, Nelson Mandela and others of
their ilk should rule our minds and influence us so that we too will follow in
their footsteps and serve the nation.:It may be said that the patriots’ lives
are a reminder to us of the everlasting truth that the whole nation is our
land and that we should leave no stone unturned to protect it from acts of
gross injustice of the self-centered, the crooked, the violent and the
engineers of terrorism. Patriotism is a spiritual quality which ennobles man.
In a patriot’s vision the image of his motherland assumes divinity and we can
imagine how strong his spirit of patriotism was.Our relationship starts with
our mother, father, sister, brother, aunt and uncle and goes on widening. We
love one another in our small circle of family. We should love everyone in the
vast family of our nation. If we begin to feel that our nation, our
motherland, is one large family, we the people of the nation, will grow as one
well-knit family. In this situation we feel we are related to one another as
brothers and sisters.Unity is our strength. United we stand, divided we fall.
From our childhood we should develop the spirit of loving one and all. There
are none high or low. All living creatures, whether insect, bird, animal or
human being, has a right to live. This is the greatest message; this is the
most precious lesson.

With Himalayas in the north Indian ocean in the south Arabian sea in the west
Bay of Bengal in the east. I love my nation With developed culture And
beautiful sculpture The people have no rest

To do their work best. I love my nation They give us rice in ration They dress
in latest fashion They do many inventions Which are about fiction. I love my
nation With number of hill station Which are God’s creation It give us
protection And save us from tension.

Today is a time for fireworks and fun But we shouldn’t forget its reason. This
is one of the most important days Of the entire summer season. Today’s the day
our nation became free And the date of the country’s birth. For so many years
we have grown to be One of the best countries on earth.

India got independence on 15th of August in 1947 from the British rule. After
independence we got our all the fundamental rights  in our own Nation, our
Motherland. We all should feel proud to be an Indian and admire our fortune
that we took birth on the land  of an Independent India. History of slave
India reveals everything that how our ancestors and forefathers had worked
hard and  suffered all the brutal behavior of Britishers. We cannot imagine by
sitting here that how hard the independence was for India  from the British
rule. It took sacrifices of lives of many freedom fighters and several decades
of struggle from 1857 to 1947.  An Indian soldier (Mangal Pandey) in the
British force had first raised his voice against Britishers for the
independence of  India.

Later several great freedom fighters had struggled and spent their whole life
only for getting freedom. We can never forget the  sacrifices of the Bhagat
Singh, Khudi Ram Bose and Chandra Sekhar Azad who had lost their lives in
their early age just for  fighting for their country. How can we ignore all
the struggles of Netaji and Gandhiji. Gandhiji was a great Indian
personalities who taught Indians a big lesson of non-violence. He was the one
and only who lead India to get freedom with the help of non-violence. Finally
the result of long years of struggle came in front on 15th of August 1947 when
India got freedom.

We are so lucky that our forefathers have given us a land of peace and happy
where we can sleep whole night without fear and enjoy whole day in our school
or home. Our country is developing very fast in the field of technology,
education, sports, finance and  various other fields which were almost
impossible before freedom. India is one of the countries rich in nuclear
power. We are  going ahead by actively participating in the sports like
Olympics, Commonwealth games and Asian games. We have full rights to  chose
our government and enjoy largest democracy in the world. Yes, we are free and
have complete freedom however we should not  understand ourselves free of
responsibilities towards our country. As being responsible citizens of the
country, we should be  always ready to handle any emergency condition in our
country.

Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.

We celebrate this day with lots of enthusiasm and joy every year because our
country got freedom at this day in 1947 from the  British rule. We are here to
celebrate nth number of independence day. It is great and most significant day
for all Indians.  People of India had suffered cruel behavior of Britishers
for many years. Today we have freedom in almost all fields such as education,
sports, transportation, business, etc just because of the years of struggle of
our forefathers. Before 1947, people  were not so free even they were
restricted to have rights on their own body and mind. They were slave of
Britishers and forced  to follow all the orders of them. Today we are free to
do anything because of the great Indian leaders who struggled hard for  many
years to get freedom against British rule.

Independence day is celebrated all over India with much pleasure. This day is
of great importance to all Indian citizens as it  gives us opportunity to
remember all those freedom fighters who had sacrificed their lives just for
giving us a beautiful and  peaceful life. Earlier to the independence, people
were not allowed to get education, eat healthy food and live normal life like
us. We should be grateful to those events responsible for the freedom in
India. Indians were treated more badly than slaves by  the Britishers just to
fulfill their meaningless orders.

Some of the great freedom fighters of India are Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose,
Jawahar Lal Nehru, Mahatma Gandhiji, Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Lala Lajpath Ray,
Bhagat Singh, Khudi Ram Bose and Chandra Sekhar Azad. They were famous
patriots who struggled hard for the freedom of India till the end of their
life. We cannot imagine that horrible moment struggled by our forefathers.
Now, after many years of independence our country is on the right track of
development. Today our country is a well established democratic  country all
over the world. Gandhiji was great leader who taught us about effective way of
freedom like ahimsa and sathyagraha  methods. Gandhi dreamed of an independent
India with the non violence and peace.

India is our mother country and we are its citizens. We should always be ready
to save it from the bad people. It is our  responsibility to lead our country
ahead and make it a best country of the world.

Jai Hind.

We celebrate Independence day every year on 15th of August because India got
freedom on the night of 14th of August in 1947. Just after the independence of
India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru had given a speech on the Independence day in
New Delhi. When people all over the world were sleeping, people in India were
waking to get freedom and life from the British rule. Now, after the
independence, India has been a largest democratic country in the world. Our
country is a most famous country for the saying of  unity in diversity. It
face many incidents testing its secularism however Indian people become always
ready to answer with their unity.

Because of the hard struggles of our forefathers we are now able to enjoy the
freedom and breathe fresh air according to our wish. Getting freedom from the
Britishers was really an impossible task our forefathers did with their
continuous efforts. We can never forget their works and always remember them
through the history. We cannot remember all the deeds of all the freedom
fighters in  a day only however can give them a heartily salute. They would
always be in our memories and way of inspiration to us whole life.

Today is the very significant day for all Indians which we celebrate
remembering sacrifices of great Indian leaders who had given their lives for
the freedom and prosperity of the country. Freedom of India was possible
because of the cooperation, sacrifice  and involvement of all the Indians. We
should value and salute all the Indian citizens because they are the real
national heroes. We should keep faith in the secularism and never be separate
to maintain the unity so that no one can break and rule again.

We should take an oath today of being highly responsible and well-educated
citizens of the tomorrow India. We should sincerely perform our duty and do
work hard to get the goal and successfully lead this democratic nation.

Jai Hind, Jai Bharat.

Long years ago, great Indian leaders were made a tryst with the destiny to
give us a free and peaceful country by sacrificing  their comfort of life.
Today we are gathered here to celebrate independence day without any fear and
having happy face just  because of our brave forefathers. We cannot imagine
that how the moment was critical at that time. We have nothing to give our
forefathers in return for their precious hard works and sacrifices. We can
only remember them and their deeds and make a heartily salute while
celebrating the national events. They would always be in our hearts. After the
independence India get new birth with happy face of all Indian citizens.

India got independence on 15th of August in 1947 from the clutches of British
rule. Indian people all over the country celebrate this national festival
annually with lots of joy and enthusiasm. It was great day for all the Indian
citizens when India’s  tricolor flag was unfolded by the first Prime Minister
of India, Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru, at the Red Fort, Delhi.

A huge celebration takes place in New Delhi at Rajpath every year where
national anthem is sung after the flag hoisting by prime minster. Together
with the national anthem a salute through 21 guns firing and showering of
flowers through helicopter is given to the national flag. Independence day is
a national holiday however everyone celebrate this from their own places by
hosting the flags in schools, offices or society. We should feel proud to be
an Indian and try our best to save the honor of our country.

I also pay my respects to the crores of citizens of this country on the pious
occasion of India's independence, and recall all  those martyrs who had laid
down their lives in India's struggle for freedom. The day of independence is a
festival when we take a solemn pledge of working for the welfare of mother
India, and also for the welfare of the poor, oppressed, dalits, the exploited
& the backward people of our country.

My dear countrymen, a national festival is an occasion to refine and rebuild
the national character. This National festival  inspires us to resolve
ourselves to lead a life where our character gets refined further, to dedicate
ourselves to the nation and our every activity is linked to the interest of
the nation and only then this festival of freedom can be a festival of
inspiration to take India to newer heights.

My dear countrymen, this nation has neither been built by political leaders
nor by rulers nor by governments. This nation has been built by our farmers,
our workers, our mothers and sisters, our youth. The country has reached here
today because of generation  to generation rigours undertaken by our sages,
our saints, our maestros, our teachers, our scientists and social workers.
These great people and these great generations, who had worked for the country
throughout their lives, deserve our deepest respect.  This is the beauty of
India's Constitution, this is its capability which has made it possible that
today a boy from small town,  a poor family has got the opportunity to pay
homage to the tri-colour of India at the ramparts of Lal Quila(Red Fort). This
is  the strength of India's democracy. This is an invaluable legacy which we
have inherited from our architects of the constitution. I pay my respects to
those architects of the constitution of India today.

Brothers and sisters, today if we have reached here after independence, it is
because of the contribution of all the Prime  Ministers, all the governments
and even the governments of all the States. I want to express my feelings of
respect and gratitude to all those previous governments and ex-Prime Ministers
who have endeavoured to take our present day India to such heights and who
have added to the country's glory.

This country has been built on such foundation of ancient cultural heritage,
where we were told of only onemantra during Vedic  period, which is indicative
of our work culture, which we have learnt, we have memorized –
'Sangachchhdhvam Samvadadhvam sam wo  manansi jaanataam." We walk together, we
move together, we think together, we resolve together and together we take
this country forward. Having imbibed this basic mantra, 125 crores of
countrymen have taken the nation forward. Yesterday only the first
Parliamentary Session of the new Government had concluded. Today, I can
proudly say that the Session of Parliament reflects our thinking and it is a
reflection of our intentions. We are not for moving forward on the basis of
majority, we are not interested to move forward by virtue of majority. We want
to move ahead on the basis of strong consensus. 'Sangachhadhwam" and,
therefore, the nation has witnessed the entire Session of Parliament. Having
taken all the Parties and Opposition along while working  shoulder to
shoulder, we achieved an unprecedented success and the credit for this does
not go to the Prime Minister alone, the  credit does not go to the people
sitting in the Government, the credit for this goes to the Opposition also,
the credit goes to  all the leaders of Opposition too and also all the Members
from Opposition. From the ramparts of Red Fort, quite proudly I salute all the
Members of Parliament, I also salute all the Political Parties and by virtue
of their strong support, we could take some  important decisions intended to
take the nation forward and yesterday the Session of Parliament had concluded.



We all know that India was not independent, the British ruled over us for 200.
There are many freedom fighters come in front and started a war against
British. First war started in 1857. Slowly that movement taking a huge image
in all over the India. The  famous freedom fighter name come in existence.
Rani Laxmi Bai, Tatya Tope, Mangal Pandey, Veer Kunwar Singh and many all.

They all started the movement against British. But unfortunately we have not
unity in our country and our freedom fighters, some of the people from our
country are playing this battle from the British side, due to this reason our
freedom fighters got failed and our country did not freedom that time. Our
many freedom fighters are got caught and many are hanged by British and many
got died in war and movement.

After the 1857 movement, in 1942 a movement named "Bharat Choro" was started
by our national father Mahatma Gandhi. After a long  Journey, India became
freedom in 1947. This freedom has a great value for our nation, for our
countrymen and women. Now in 1947  we have an own country, not "sone ki
chiriya" but it was totally own a free country where anyone can live according
to their  selves.

Our country India is a great sign of unity, here all the religion live
together, either they are Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, issue or any other caste, they
all are the brother. So there is a great unity in diversity in our country
India. Patriot for my country will never down, it will increase day by day.
And I can not stop loving our country. My country is best and it is my
motherland.

So brothers and sisters after a huge struggle our country get freedom, many
people gave their life, gave their present for our  future. So We do not have
to forget their work, and we have to care about our country, we have to do
something better for our  country.

And in last, I want to say Please save the country of Mahatma Gandhi, Jawahar
Lal Nehru, and all freedom fighter.



It is my pleasure to address this speech to each and every one of you on this
glorious occasion that marks our independence day.  It has been 64 years since
our independence and we have come a long way. Even after 64 years there are so
many beautiful things  in our country that we would always cherish as Indians.
We still live with the concept of "Unity in diversity" with diverse  language,
culture and religion. We have about 325 spoken languages and 18 official
languages. We live in harmony with over 8  religions and celebrate each others
festivals with love. We welcome people from other country with respect and
care. We have not forgotten our traditions and values and we never let one
another to forget them either. Regarding the positive changes that we  have
achieved in 64 years; we have emerged as the one of the world's largest
democracy and economy. We have achieved success in  green revolution, telecom
industry and Space Technology. Now we are an emerging power in IT.

Though it has been many years since our independence, let us not forget to
remember the great leaders who fought for our freedom. Most importantly let us
remember the way we achieved our freedom. We were the pioneers of non violence
freedom movement in the  world. Non violence is concept that has been preached
in almost all religions, we had implemented the same under the leadership  of
Mahatma Gandhi to attain our freedom. We achieved our freedom assertively
without being aggressive. We still stand as one of  the great country and
mysteries in the world because of our soft yet strong nature, diverse culture
and values.

India has been a country that has marked her place in history even thousands
of years ago. She has been mentioned and praised in trade journals and
historical documents of ancient countries and civilizations. Even some of
those civilizations have disappeared but yet India still stands. We might have
not be known as India back then, also she was divided and ruled by many kings
however she was addressed as a whole as Hindustan. One might commonly conceive
the reason for her popularity to be her wealth. But wealth and power alone
cannot give eternal glory. People of India not only had wealth they also had
good values, open mindedness and  welcomed anyone who came in for help. She
had such rich culture, knowledge, values and diversity that were awed by
others. We  were also pioneers in science and research even during ancient
times. These attributes encouraged other civilizations to  establish
relationship with India. I am sure that India is considered as one of the
great countries in the world because of her richness in people, culture and
values.

We might not be treated well by other countries, but we treat those who come
to us with respect. Our neighbors try to encroach into our borders, but we do
not do the same to them, however we try to protect ourselves with courage. We
are strictly against  any type of terrorism and fight against it unlike a few.
Some may quote such attributes of our country to be weak, however I can
surely tell you these are the attributes that has made us survive thousands of
years. India may not be aggressive but she is  assertive.

Yes indeed there are some setbacks including as corruption, poverty,
ignorance; however one cannot deny that even the most  powerful nations have
these setbacks. We have the freedom to talk about corruption or anything
perhaps, to take steps against the corruption and most importantly freedom of
expression. People have the power here. Though India did not have good
economic  background in the beginning, our current status in global market is
appreciated and envied by many. We have also developed in  great deal in the
areas of science and research. Slowly we are trying eradicating poverty and
one of such initiative is self help groups. There are many NGOs that try to
provide awareness in various areas. This is indeed a great feat achieved after
our  independence.

In this day of independence let us remember how India has set an example to
entire world by means of assertive freedom struggle. We may not be a wealthy
power in the world yet we are recognized as good human beings in a great
country . Everything in the  world changes but not principles or human values.
India is known to be a great country that follows these principles. Let us
thank great leaders who fought for our freedom assertively and for setting us
an good examples. Let us thank our country for  recognizing eminent
researchers especially Dr. Abdul Kalam who was even made president of India.
Such level of recognition  indicates how our country strives growth in all
areas most importantly knowledge. Knowledge is always the key for success and
growth.

Most importantly let us not fret about the things that we don't have. Let us
strive to make our country a better and safe place  by following the values
and principles taught by our great leaders. Let us spread awareness,
knowledge, values and gain wisdom. Let us make this our Independence Day
resolution. If each individual of our country follows these basic principles
he would  grow, so would his family, his surroundings and eventually it would
lead our country to become a great nation. Therefore let us make a promise in
this auspicious Independence day and let us make India our motherland shine
even brighter into our future. I am so glad to be given the opportunity to
address this speech in front of the eminent guests and my fellow citizens on
this day of Independence.
