We get old and get use to each other. We think alike. We read each others minds. We know what the other wants without asking. 
Sometimes we irritate each other a little bit. Maybe sometimes take each other for granted.
But once in awhile, like today, I meditate on it and realise how lucky I am to share my life with the greatest woman I ever met.
You still fascinate and inspire me. You influence me for the better. You’re the object of my desire, the #1 Earthly reason for my
existence. I love you very much.

Since I left you, I have been constantly depressed. My happiness is to be near you. Incessantly I live over in my memory your 
caresses, your tears, your affectionate solicitude. The charms of the incomparable Josephine kindle continually a burning and a 
glowing flame in my heart.... I thought that I loved you months ago, but since my separation from you I feel that I love you a 
thousand fold more. Each day since I knew you, have I adored you more and more.

Time passes swiftly, but is it not joyous to see how great and growing is the treasure we have gathered together, amid the storms
and stresses of so many eventful and, to millions, tragic and terrible years?

This moment I have set myself to copy some verses out fair. I cannot proceed with any degree of content. I must write you a line 
or two and see if that will assist in dismissing you from my Mind for ever so short a time. Upon my Soul I can think of nothing 
else – The time is passed when I had power to advise and warn you again[s]t the unpromising morning of my Life – My love has made
me selfish. I cannot exist without you – I am forgetful of every thing but seeing you again – my Life seems to stop there – I see
no further. You have absorb’d me. I have a sensation at the present moment as though I was dissolving – I should be exquisitely
miserable without the hope of soon seeing you. I should be afraid to separate myself far from you. My sweet Fanny, will your 
heart never change? My love, will it? I have no limit now to my love – You note came in just here – I cannot be happier away 
from you – ‘T is richer than an Argosy of Pearles. Do not threat me even in jest. I have been astonished that Men could die 
Martyrs for religion – I have shudder’d at it – I shudder no more – I could be martyr’d for my Religion – Love is my religion – 
I could die for that – I could die for you. My Creed is Love and you are its only tenet – You have ravish’d me away by a Power I 
cannot resist: and yet I could resist till I saw you; and even since I have seen you I have endeavoured often “to reason against 
the reasons of my Love.” I can do that no more – the pain would be too great – My Love is selfish – I cannot breathe without you.

I can't say how every time I ever put my arms around you I felt that I was home. Nor too many things. But we were always cheerful
and jokers together.

I have your letters of the 16th and 21st. There are many days when you don’t write. What do you do, then? No, my darling, I am not
jealous, but sometimes worried. Come soon; I warn you, if you delay, you will find me ill. Fatigue and your absence are too much.
Your letters are the joy of my days, and my days of happiness are not many. Junot is bringing twenty-two flags to Paris.
You must come back with him, you understand? — hopeless sorrow, inconsolable misery, sadness without end, if I am so unhappy as 
to see him return alone. Adorable friend, he will see you, he will breathe in your temple; perhaps you will even grant him the 
unique and perfect favor of kissing your cheek, and I shall be alone and far, far away. But you are coming, aren’t you? You are 
going to be here beside me, in my arms, on my breast, on my mouth? Take wing and come, come!

My stomach starts to ache my hands start to shake,
As he draws nearer one last deep breathe I take.
My heart beats fast like never before,
The butterflies tickle and tease till I can't take it anymore.
I begin to tremble as he says hello,
I can feel the blushing of my face start to show.
By looking down I try to hide my fluster,
I reply to his greeting with a soft hello mutter.
With his face so handsome he gives me a smile and a wink,
As he turns to walk away my hearts begins to sink.
So sweet and so kind and he noticed ME,
I feel that he is the Prince Charming for me.
This feeling I have is more than a crush,
when I think about him I get a sudden rush.
Great chills shrill down the back of my spine,
Why oh why, I wonder, can't he be just mine?
In my thoughts he is always in shine,

All the cards that were written on the shelf
Can't tell you how I feel
And this love that I have in my heart
No one could ever steal
To put my feelings into words
Would be so hard to do
But the three words that I'll always say
Will be I Love You.

You will always be my valentine
My love and my sweetheart
And for you I'll give you everything

Especially my heart
And I will always let you know
Just what you mean to me
In my heart my valentine
Is what you'll always be.

Every day I thank the Lord above
For blessing me with you
And there isn't anything you would say
That I wouldn't do
This love that I have for you in my heart
Will never go away
So I'll just keep on loving you
Every single day

The candy will soon disappear
And the flowers will die away
But the love that I have for you in me
That will always stay.

So here's to you my valentine
My love and my sweetheart
You will always be on my mind
Even when we're far apart
And I'll just keep on telling you
just what you mean to me
Because in my heart my valentine
Is what you'll always be.
Close Yes in my heart my valentine is what you'll always be.

I've never imagined that there can be this day.
A day that love will find its way.
Out of my heart and into your soul.
These feelings I have are beyond my control.

All my life I have waited patiently.
For a goddess like you, so beautiful, so lovely.
Words can't express the way I feel.
These feelings towards you are all for real.

You are the reason why I go on.
Eternity can't separate this special bond.
This heart of mine is reserved for you.
Forever it is yours, this love is true.

I'll be your first and you'll be my last.
My world, my everything, till my time has past.
I will always love you until the end of time.
MY LOVE, MY SWEETHEART, MY VALENTINE!

the smile that cleanses my soul
the eyes that stop time with a single glance
the touch of love from his hands
I’ve been waiting for this day
this special time
all I can do is pray
for you to be my Valentine

Night is falling my heart is calling
I feel so lonely I need you only
but I’ve got a teddy that I take to bed
if you'll be my Valentine
I’ll take you instead

If I could wish to be anything
I’d wish to be your tear
to be conceived by your heart,
born in your eye
live on your cheek
and die on your lips
Kisses Kisses Kisses,
Oh, what should I do?
All I want is just one Kiss,
From a special person like you.

On Valentines we broke up
Your friends said it was wrong
But you didn't believe them
Until you heard our song
Maybe you will love me
like I loved you
But I won't give you another chance
Because I won't know if it's really true

Hearts and flowers on Valentine’s day.
heart shaped candy, help me say:
I Love you in a special way,
because love is the reason for Valentine’s day.
Valentine’s day is a special time
for songs to sing
and poems that rhyme,
a happy time for everyone.
I’m so glad you're a friend of mine

When I first saw your face I knew you were mine
We have both grown to love each other in such a short time
you know I’ve been looking for you all my life
for the day when I become your wife
you have given me security and love
which I’ve only ever dreamed of
I know there is a heaven and dreams do come true
someone up there loves me
because they sent me you

On Valentine's Day we think of those
 Who make our lives worthwhile,
 Those gracious, friendly people who
 We think of with a smile.

I am fortunate to know you,
That's why I want to say,
To a rare and special person:
Happy Valentine's Day!

Valentine treasures are people who
have often crossed your mind,
family, friends and others, too,
who in your life have shined
the warmth of love or a spark of light
that makes you remember them;
no matter how long since you've actually met,
each one is a luminous gem,
who gleams and glows in your memory,
bringing special pleasures,
and that's why this Valentine comes to you:
You're one of those sparkling treasures!

Valentine's Day reminds me
of the smile I smile
every time I think of you,
the emotional lift I feel
at the sound of your name.
Valentine's Day reminds me
of the strength and comfort I get
from knowing
there are people like you in my life.
Everything good about Valentine's Day
reminds me of you.
Happy Valentine's Day!

You're in my thoughts and in my heart
Wherever I may go;
On Valentine's Day, I'd like to say
I care more than you know.

On Valentine's Day, we think of people
who have cheered and encouraged us,
who go out of their way
to be kind and caring,
who have enriched our lives
just by being themselves.
You are such a person.
I'm so happy you're mine
Happy Valentine's Day!

Valentine's Day is for expressing affection;
Fond thoughts are coming your way;
We've always had a special connection,
So Happy Valentine's Day!

If Valentines Day did not exist,
No flowers, gifts or cards,
We'd search to find another way
To send you our regards.

We must communicate to you
Appreciation and respect,
Hoping our heartfelt message
Has a warm and good effect.

But Valentine's Day is here again,
So we send this poem to say:
You're extraordinary, special, rare;
Happy Valentine's Day!

Whenever likable people cross my mind,
I always have such pleasant thoughts of you.
You bring me so much happiness and joy;
Those who lift me up are very few.

On Valentine's Day I want to tell you this:
Knowing you is an extraordinary pleasure;
Your caring heart is always quick to give;
You're unique, a rare and very special treasure.

On Valentine's Day,
I'm thinking about
the special ways
you have made my life better,
the little things,
the not-so-little things...
your kindness,
the way you always listen
and pay attention to me.
You make my world
brighter and richer.
You're a gift to me,
and I thank you
for being you.

On Valentine's Day we think about
Those matchless people who
Give extra meaning to our lives--
The very special few.

Without them, skies would turn to gray;
Things wouldn't be the same;
Life wouldn't be as colorful;
It would be a duller game.

And when I contemplate that group--
Friends and family who are mine,
I appreciate and treasure you;
You're essential, Valentine!

Valentine's Day gives me a reason
to express the feelings
I think about but don't say
about people who enrich my life
in unique and meaningful ways.
You are this kind of special person.
When I think of you,
my thoughts are warm, and fond,
and filled with admiration.
I feel blessed to know you.
May your Valentine's Day
be filled with the love and respect you deserve.

Valentine's Day prompts me
to express what I often think
but don't say out loud:
I admire you;
I respect you;
I'm happy to know you.
Happy Valentine's Day!

Roses are red; daisies are white;
Valentine, you make every day a delight.
Violets are blue; daffodils are yellow;
Valentine, you make my heart jiggle like Jello!

Hey you--you're often on my mind;
You're a terrific person, one of a kind.
I'm sending this poem, because I want to say
I'm thinking of you on Valentine's Day!

Top of the List

On Valentine's Day,
when I think of the people
I care about and value,
you are at the top of the list.
Like a rainbow
glistening through the rain,
like a glowing green spring
after a cold gray winter,
you are a joy and a delight.
Like a good book, a cozy fire,
or a cup of cocoa (with marshmallows),
you are a comfort to me.
I appreciate you.
Happy Valentine's Day!

Special people are on my mind
Each year on Valentine's Day,
The exceptional ones who mean to me
More than I can say.

I respect you and admire you,
And I just want you to know
You've made a difference in my life
And I want to tell you so.

On Valentine's Day, the day of affection,
Our thoughts quickly turn in your direction.
This Valentine poem is meant to show you
How very glad we are to know you!

Valentine, you are a gem;
You fill my life with joy and pleasure;
With all you give and all you do,
You're a very special treasure.

I really like the person you are;
You're a class act, in every way;
I care about you, and I hope you have
A very happy Valentine's Day!

By Joanna Fuchs
More All-Purpose Valentine Poems
at the End of This Page
Valentine's Day Love Poem

I love you all through February,
Not just on Valentine's Day;
I cherish you when flowers of spring
Appear in the midst of May.

I adore you in the summer,
When the air is filled with heat;
Without you in my life each day,
I wouldn't be complete.

I treasure you in fall,
When leaves are turning gold;
I loved you when you were younger;
I'll love you when you're old.

I prize you in the winter,
When colder days are here;
I love you, love you all the time,
Every minute of the year.

So I'll give to you this Valentine,
But I want to let you know,
It's not just today, but always,
That I will love you so.

By Joanna Fuchs

Valentine's Day is all about
Special feelings warm and fond,
And friend, I knew right from the start
We had a very special bond.

Our time together is a gift;
You're interesting and warm and fun!
And when I need to talk and share,
I think of you, friend; you're the one.

We're always true and real together.
We have no reason to pretend.
I'm thankful that you're in my life,
My trusted, cherished Valentine friend.

From the moment we talked, I started to get
Feelings of hunger that couldn't be met,
Like feelings that come when I see yummy pies, 
Well, I get those feelings when I look in your eyes.

The thought of your lips makes my mouth start to water, 
'Cause they remind me of barbecue more than they oughter. 
Your skin, your hair, and the rest of you brings
Thoughts of chocolate chip cookies and other good things.

When you're near you provide scrumptious food for my soul. 
You nourish me, sweetheart; You make me whole. 
Keep me satisfied, stay close or I'll pine. 
I sure get hungry thinking of you, Valentine!

Be mine, and let's nourish each other!

I hope your Valentine's Day is great.
I hope it's quite a treat.
I hope you have a happy day
Filled with things so sweet.

This poem's for you because I care.
I can't get more specific.
Well, yes I can, and here I go…
I think you're terrific!

On Valentine's Day, the day of affection,
My thoughts naturally turn in your direction. 
I think of many things, big and small
That you've given to me and given your all. 
You see me always in the kindest light; 
You're a glow in my life, golden and bright. 
I'm thankful for the happy ties that bind
Me to you in our family, and I'd like to remind
You of all the special memories I treasure. 
Having you in my life is nothing but pleasure! 
You're a walking example of how to live, 
How to share, how to teach, how to love, how to give. 

Valentine's Day is a day of love,
For showing that we care,
And if we read the Bible,
God describes love there:

If we speak like celestial angels
From heaven up above,
All our words mean nothing
If we don't have Christian love.

Love is patient, love is kind;
It doesn't brag or boast;
Love conquers pride and envy;
It is never self-engrossed.

Love is not rude or angry;
Forgiveness counters wrong;
Love stays away from evil;
It sings a truthful song.



Love is full of trust and hope;
It always perseveres;
Love never fails; It's faithful;
To the Bible it adheres.

And if you give this kind of love
To your special Valentine,
You'll be loving right in harmony
With God's own sweet design.

On Valentine's Day I think about
People far and near,
The ones whose special vibes create
A happier atmosphere.

For all the pleasant feelings and
The pleasant thoughts I owe you,
I want to say, on Valentine's Day,
I'm very glad I know you!

Life is always better when
You know a person who
Is congenial, compatible,
Who always has a clue;

In whom the finest qualities
Agreeably combine,
Someone nice to have around;
That's you, Valentine!

If every day were Valentine's Day,
then every day I'd tell you
I wish there were someone for everyone
to lighten burdens, generate smiles,
and make life a happier place,
as you do for me.
What a wonderful world that would be.

On Valentine's Day,
I'm thinking of you,
how I feel uplifted
whenever I see you.
Your blithe and buoyant spirit
enriches every minute I'm with you.
Thank you for being you.

A Valentine is a person who
Is often on your mind,
A shiny, special someone who
Is very hard to find.

A soulmate, unique and rare, with whom
Your heart and mind entwine;
So I ask you, rare and special one,
Please be my Valentine!

It's hard to put in words
The feelings that I feel;
The fond affection I have for you
Is warm and good and real.

You're very important to me,
More special than I can say.
I'm really glad you're in my life;
Happy Valentine's day!

I'd have the right Valentine,
If I were inclined,
Someone with whom
Head and heart were aligned.
Finding that person is so hard to do,
That is, it was, until I met you.

A Valentine is a special person,
someone who enriches your life
just by being herself.
A Valentine is a ray of bright light
when the world turns dark.
A Valentine is grounded,
centered, peaceful,
a role model.
My Valentine is you.

On Valentine's Day,
I think of people
Who make life better,
happier, just by being around,
people whose good nature,
ready smile and eagerness to help
enrich everyone they meet.
On Valentine's Day,
I remember
what a pleasure it is to know you.

If ever two were one, then surely we.
If ever man were loved by wife, then thee.
If ever wife was happy in a man,
Compare with me, ye women, if you can.
I prize thy love more than whole mines of gold,
Or all the riches that the East doth hold.
My love is such that rivers cannot quench,
Nor ought but love from thee give recompense.
Thy love is such I can no way repay;
The heavens reward thee manifold, I pray.
Then while we live, in love let’s so persever,
That when we live no more, we may live ever.

If ever two were one, then surely we.
If ever man were loved by wife, then thee.
If ever wife was happy in a man,
Compare with me, ye women, if you can.
I prize thy love more than whole mines of gold,
Or all the riches that the East doth hold.
My love is such that rivers cannot quench,
Nor ought but love from thee give recompense.
Thy love is such I can no way repay;
The heavens reward thee manifold, I pray.
Then while we live, in love let’s so persever,
That when we live no more, we may live ever.

Take all my loves, my love, yea, take them all:
What hast thou then more than thou hadst before?
No love, my love, that thou mayst true love call—
All mine was thine before thou hadst this more.
Then if for my love thou my love receivest,
I cannot blame thee for my love thou usest;
But yet be blamed if thou this self deceivest
By wilful taste of what thyself refusest.
I do forgive thy robb’ry, gentle thief,
Although thou steal thee all my poverty;
And yet love knows it is a greater grief
To bear love’s wrong than hate’s known injury.
Lascivious grace, in whom all ill well shows,
Kill me with spites, yet we must not be foes.


How do we come to be here next to each other   
in the night
Where are the stars that show us to our love   
inevitable
Outside the leaves flame usual in darkness   
and the rain
falls cool and blessed on the holy flesh   
the black men waiting on the corner for   
a womanly mirage
I am amazed by peace
It is this possibility of you
asleep
and breathing in the quiet air


A glimpse through an interstice caught,
Of a crowd of workmen and drivers in a 
bar-room around the stove late of a winter night, 
and I unremark’d seated in a corner,
Of a youth who loves me and whom I love, silently 
approaching and seating himself near, 
that he may hold me by the hand,
A long while amid the noises of coming and going, 
of drinking and oath and smutty jest,
There we two, content, happy in being together, 
speaking little, perhaps not a word.

I loved you first: but afterwards your love
Outsoaring mine, sang such a loftier song
As drowned the friendly cooings of my dove.
Which owes the other most? my love was long,
And yours one moment seemed to wax more strong;
I loved and guessed at you, you construed me
And loved me for what might or might not be –
Nay, weights and measures do us both a wrong.
For verily love knows not ‘mine’ or ‘thine;’
With separate ‘I’ and ‘thou’ free love has done,
For one is both and both are one in love:
Rich love knows nought of ‘thine that is not mine;’
Both have the strength and both the length thereof,
Both of us, of the love which makes us one.



You are like me, you will die too, but not today:   
you, incommensurate, therefore the hours shine:   
if I say to you “To you I say,” you have not been   
set to music, or broadcast live on the ghost   
radio, may never be an oil painting or
Old Master’s charcoal sketch: you are
a concordance of person, number, voice,
and place, strawberries spread through your name   
as if it were budding shrubs, how you remind me   
of some spring, the waters as cool and clear
(late rain clings to your leaves, shaken by light wind),   
which is where you occur in grassy moonlight:   
and you are a lily, an aster, white trillium
or viburnum, by all rights mine, white star   
in the meadow sky, the snow still arriving
from its earthwards journeys, here where there is   
no snow (I dreamed the snow was you,
when there was snow), you are my right,
have come to be my night (your body takes on   
the dimensions of sleep, the shape of sleep   
becomes you): and you fall from the sky
with several flowers, words spill from your mouth
in waves, your lips taste like the sea, salt-sweet (trees   
and seas have flown away, I call it
loving you): home is nowhere, therefore you,   
a kind of dwell and welcome, song after all,   
and free of any eden we can name

You have changed me already. I am a fireball
That is hurtling towards the sky to where you are
You can choose not to look up but I am a giant orange ball
That is throwing sparks upon your face
Oh look at them shake
Upon you like a great planet that has been murdered by change
O too this is so dramatic this shaking
Of my great planet that is bigger than you thought it would be
So you ran and hid
Under a large tree. She was graceful, I think
That tree although soon she will wither
Into ten black snakes upon your throat
And when she does I will be wandering as I always am
A graceful lady that is part museum
Of the voices of the universe everyone else forgets
I will hold your voice in a little box
And when you come upon me I won’t look back at you
You will feel a hand upon your heart while I place your voice back
Into the heart from where it came from
And I will not cry also
Although you will expect me to
I was wiser too than you had expected
For I knew all along you were mine

The shine on her buckle took precedence in sun
Her shine, I should say, could take me anywhere
It feels right to be up this close in tight wind
It feels right to notice all the shiny things about you
About you there is nothing I wouldn’t want to know
With you nothing is simple yet nothing is simpler
About you many good things come into relation
I think of proofs and grammar, vowel sounds, like
A is for knee socks, E for panties
I is for buttondown, O the blouse you wear
U is for hair clip, and Y your tight skirt
The music picks up again, I am the man I hope to be
The bright air hangs freely near your newly cut hair
It is so easy now to see gravity at work in your face
Easy to understand time, that dark process
To accept it as a beautiful process, your face

love is more thicker than forget
more thinner than recall
more seldom than a wave is wet
more frequent than to fail

it is most mad and moonly
and less it shall unbe
than all the sea which only
is deeper than the sea

love is less always than to win
less never than alive
less bigger than the least begin
less littler than forgive

it is most sane and sunly
and more it cannot die
than all the sky which only
is higher than the sky

They flee from me that sometime did me seek
With naked foot, stalking in my chamber.
I have seen them gentle, tame, and meek,
That now are wild and do not remember
That sometime they put themself in danger
To take bread at my hand; and now they range,
Busily seeking with a continual change.

Thanked be fortune it hath been otherwise
Twenty times better; but once in special,
In thin array after a pleasant guise,
When her loose gown from her shoulders did fall,
And she me caught in her arms long and small;
Therewithall sweetly did me kiss
And softly said, “Dear heart, how like you this?”

It was no dream: I lay broad waking.
But all is turned thorough my gentleness
Into a strange fashion of forsaking;
And I have leave to go of her goodness,
And she also, to use newfangleness.
But since that I so kindly am served
I would fain know what she hath deserved

I gave you sorrow to hang on your wall
Like a calendar in one color.
I wear a torn place on my sleeve.
It isn’t as simple as that.

Between no place of mine and no place of yours
You’d have thought I’d know the way by now
Just from thinking it over.
Oh I know
I’ve no excuse to be stuck here turning
Like a mirror on a string,
Except it’s hardly credible how
It all keeps changing.
Loss has a wider choice of directions
Than the other thing.

As if I had a system
I shuffle among the lies
Turning them over, if only
I could be sure what I’d lost.
I uncover my footprints, I
Poke them till the eyes open.
They don’t recall what it looked like.
When was I using it last?
Was it like a ring or a light
Or the autumn pond
Which chokes and glitters but
Grows colder?
It could be all in the mind.  Anyway
Nothing seems to bring it back to me.

And I’ve been to see
Your hands as trees borne away on a flood,
The same film over and over,
And an old one at that, shattering its account
To the last of the digits, and nothing
And the blank end.

The lightning has shown me the scars of the future.

I’ve had a long look at someone
Alone like a key in a lock
Without what it takes to turn.

It isn’t as simple as that.

Winter will think back to your lit harvest
For which there is no help, and the seed
Of eloquence will open its wings
When you are gone.
But at this moment
When the nails are kissing the fingers good-bye
And my only
Chance is bleeding from me,
When my one chance is bleeding,
For speaking either truth or comfort
I have no more tongue than a wound.

Our embrace lasted too long.
We loved right down to the bone.
I hear the bones grind, I see
our two skeletons.

Now I am waiting
till you leave, till
the clatter of your shoes
is heard no more. Now, silence.

Tonight I am going to sleep alone
on the bedclothes of purity.
Aloneness
is the first hygienic measure.
Aloneness
will enlarge the walls of the room,
I will open the window
and the large, frosty air will enter,
healthy as tragedy.
Human thoughts will enter
and human concerns,
misfortune of others, saintliness of others.
They will converse softly and sternly.

The time is come, I must depart
   from thee, ah famous city;
I never yet to rue my smart,
   did find that thou had’st pity.
Wherefore small cause there is, that I
   should grieve from thee to go;
But many women foolishly,
   like me, and other moe,
Do such a fixèd fancy set,
   on those which least deserve,
That long it is ere wit we get   
   away from them to swerve.
But time with pity oft will tell   
   to those that will her try,
Whether it best be more to mell,
   or utterly defy.
And now hath time me put in mind
   of thy great cruelness,
That never once a help would find,
   to ease me in distress.
Thou never yet would’st credit give
   to board me for a year;
Nor with apparel me relieve,
   except thou payèd were.
No, no, thou never did’st me good,
   nor ever wilt, I know.
Yet am I in no angry mood,
   but will, or ere I go,
In perfect love and charity,
   my testament here write,
And leave to thee such treasury,
   as I in it recite.
Now stand aside and give me leave
      to write my latest will;
And see that none you do deceive
   of that I leave them till.

We stood by a pond that winter day,
And the sun was white, as though chidden of God,
And a few leaves lay on the starving sod;
– They had fallen from an ash, and were gray.

Your eyes on me were as eyes that rove
Over tedious riddles of years ago;
And some words played between us to and fro
On which lost the more by our love.

The smile on your mouth was the deadest thing
Alive enough to have strength to die;
And a grin of bitterness swept thereby
Like an ominous bird a-wing….

Since then, keen lessons that love deceives,
And wrings with wrong, have shaped to me
Your face, and the God curst sun, and a tree,
And a pond edged with grayish leaves.

No one bring so much happiness to my life as you. In your company, I find love that I have never known before. I can't imagine what my life would be without you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.

You have given me so much love and encouragement that I don’t think I will be able to return all that to you. You have been lighting up the dark and bringing joy to my heart. When I am with you I feel alive and strong.

I am truly blessed to have you as a part of my life and I cannot wait for the day when we start a new life. When I say 'I love you', I mean every word of it. 

Not a day goes by when my mind does not think of you, you are the reason behind every joy that has ever been a part of my life. You are the one who made me see the beauty of things. Before you came into my life, I was sad, alone and broken. Then you came in and turned my world around and changed everything for the better. I cannot thank you enough, all I can do to repay you is to love you unconditionally and whole heartedly. You are every dream of mine come true and I love you with all my heart and soul.

The moment that I first saw you, you were standing in the middle of the crowd, laughing and talking to a friend. There was something about you, maybe it was in the way you laughed or the way your eyes lit up, and I knew that there was this undeniable attraction that I felt for you. I was shy, nervous and I hesitated just a little bit when I asked you to dance with me. We were strangers and, when you said yes, I swear my heart skipped a beat. Ever since that night, I have known that we were destined to be together and not a day goes by when your love does not prove me right. I love you, much more that you can imagine, and I just want you to stay mine forever.

There are a thousand ways to say I love you around the world, but only one way to prove it and that is by actions. You have proved that you love me unconditionally time and again. You were that one person who was by my side when all the world was against me. I have known ever since that day that you were the one for me. I try to love you and take care of you as much and as well as I can. I hope you know that I have the best intentions always, so forgive me if I ever hurt you or caused you pain. I love you for now until forever and will never leave your side.

As I woke up this morning, the sunlight was rushing through the room and it lit up every dark corner that there was. There was this feeling of inexplicable joy in my heart and I knew it at that moment that I needed to tell you just how much I love you. Forgive me, for I am not a writer, and may not know the best way and the best words to use. All I do know is that I love you and that I want to spend the rest of my life with you. You have given me so much joy and unconditional love that I am quite sure that I am the luckiest man alive on the face of this earth. So, all I ask of you is to continue loving me and I promise you that I shall do everything in my power to take care of you and love you till the end of time.

Let me start by saying that I thank God every night since I found you. You came into my life when everything seemed so dark but you provided the light to find my way. I've never been so certain of anything in my life like I am of us. You have totally changed my outlook in life and I thank you for that. I never thought that someone could love me like you do, but guess what? I love you that much too. I feel as if I'm walking over clouds just thinking about you. You make my life complete. I know you've said we could do foolish things while in love, but you know what? With you I wouldn't mind being a fool for the rest of my life. I love you so much and I know you love me too. I know that others looking into our relationship might think that we're saying too many foolish things too soon but they just don't know how we feel about each other. There's nothing foolish about the things I've told you, I meant every word I said. I love you. I would do anything; I love you so much. Today I promise you that I would do anything in my power to make you a great person, outstanding lover, and supportive partner. 


If you are wondering how much I love you, wonder no more. You are the sun in my sky, the river that runs through my soul, and the very air I breathe. Before I met you, I didn't believe it was possible to love someone so deeply and completely, but you have given me faith that true love really does exist because I share it with you.

You are the one who has given meaning to my life and I am very glad that our relationship has gone through a paradise visit from when it started. The stars are waiting to come out at night to remind us about the sparkling moments of our life.

May our love be a remarkable one which reach the moon and stars and bring a new meaning to life. 

When thinking about tomorrow imagine we will be together sharing our great love. Although sometimes we have few moments together, I feel the love I have is getting bigger.

Since you are in my life I have not eyes for anyone else, because you are the only man I love with all my heart. Thanks to you I have known true love. On this beautiful day of love I want to tell you that you are everything to me.

I love you as you have no idea.
These guidelines for romantic notes for the day of love are very creative and full of love. The love of your life will feel happy that you spend some of these.

I love you with all my heart
Right from the very start

Our love grows stronger everyday
With everything you do and say

Happy Valentines Day
Our love is here to stay.

Your love is a gift that I treasure more with every passing day,
As time goes by I find myself discovering more and more reasons to love you.
This Valentine's Day,
I'm thinking about how wonderful it is to have your love in my life.
Happy Valentine's Day!

If I could be anything in world,
I would be your tears;
Conceived in your heart,
Born in your eyes,
Live on your cheek,
And die on your lips.

My sweetheart from now until forever
Even when death separates us,
You will always be my only true love.
I will never leave you nor hurt you
You're my one and only SWEETHEART.

You are my valentine; you bring me pleasure.
With all my love you could not measure,
So on this day I shall always treasure.
Happy Valentine's for ever and ever.

 Always know that I love you. I miss you every day. Although we remain friends and see each other, all the time we are distant. We both know what unseen feelings are beneath smiles and being cordial. I catch you staring at me. Why do we deny each other? I watch your mouth move, words just words. I fight the feeling of kissing your mouth for such a long time that the words stop and there is just us left without the veil of denial. There will always be love here for you. Choose to try again and it will be yours forever

I love so much about you that it is hard to pick just a couple of things out. I love the way you laugh. I love the way you smile. I even love it when you make me mad and don't know why. I love how when you upset me, you try so hard to make it better. I am so much in love with you that I think of you only every single minute of the day and wish that I was with you! I can't stand to be without you for even a second. You have truly turned me into myself. Before you, nobody allowed me to be me. You have allowed me to open up my heart and trust again. You have allowed me to smile and be happy again. And for that I love you. I thank you and I will forever cherish our memories and I know there are many more to come. 

I know you hear it a million times and you know it is true, I am so in love with you. From the moment that you leave the house to go to work, till the moment you walk in through the door again, my mind constantly wanders to thoughts of you. When I look at you, my heart starts beating with a love so intense that I know now, that I have forgotten how life was before I met you. I can only thank and pray to the almighty that he take care of us and that we stay together forever.
Happy Valentine's Day.

There is nothing more beautiful in the world than the love that we share darling. For never have to people come together in such perfect harmony. We complete each other, in ways that we never even thought was possible. We met at a time when self-doubt plagued us both and probably in that hour of need we bonded. That bond grew stronger over time and I know now that we were meant to be all along. The fact that I have you in my life, to love and to hold makes me feel alive and you my dear make me feel blessed to have you.
Happy Valentine's Day.





